(groans)
I've got you!
Thank you.
Tough riding.
And it's only going
to get tougher.
After all, once we exit
this portal,
there'll be plenty more
obstacles for us to face.
Then heighten your haunches
cuz there's our exit!
Okay.
Everyone, get ready!
It's time for us to do
what only we can do.
Stop Lightning!
(electronic whirring)
(Playmaker)
Here we are,
Mirror Link VRAINS.
Ya think we'll get
seven years bad luck
if we break this place?
Okay, you two,
it's the end of the road!
(both)
What?
Relax, I don't mean that
I'm going to terminate you.
Just that you're both
on your own now.
Hope you enjoyed
the free ride.
(groaning)
(screaming)
Free ride?
More like free fall!
(grunts)
Things sure are wonky here.
Wonder how LINK VRAINS is.
Kolter, status update?
It's wigging out a bit
but it's nothing too crazy.
At least not yet.
(Avatar A)
Awesome!
A new event must be starting!
(Avatar B)
Or someone uploaded
the wrong color patch!
I dunno, guys,
something just feels
a little off about all this.
(Zaizen)
Hayami, take charge.
(Hayami)
Going somewhere, chief?
LINK VRAINS.
To find out what's going on.
(Playmaker)
Keep us in the loop, Kolter.
If anything changes...
be sure to let us know.
(Kolter)
Well here's a change.
Buncha blips
headed your way!
What?
(all)
You hacksters
ain't welcome here!
Aww, glitch!
Bitboots!
They're closing in, spread out!
(Lightning)
Humans are such fools.
Why would they enter my world
knowing I have
every advantage here?
As proof,
Bitboot's initial attacks
have already
scattered them.
They will now be simple
to pick off one by one.
And we shall start
with this one:
Blue Maiden.
I'll go.
Are you certain
you can handle her?
Blue Maiden or shall I say
Skye Zaizen
is the younger sister
of Akira Zaizen.
Heh, big deal.
Correct. He
is a big deal.
He is in charge of
SOL Technologies' security.
With connections
like that,
she's sure to be
quite formidable.
What, don't you trust me?
Now, now, I
didn't say that.
I'm just concerned for you,
my friend.
After all, now that Blue
Maiden has partnered with
Aqua,
she's stronger than ever.
I would prefer to send Bohman
to deal with her
but alas, he's still in
no condition to fight.
However, be
that as it may.
It's only a
matter of time
before Bitboot
is defeated so...
yes, seems I
have no choice
but to rely on
you, my friend.
And at the very least
I can buy us some time
for Bohman to recover.
Don't talk like
you'll lose.
Win and return safely.
For sure!
Although, in battle
there are no sure things.
What if Blue Maiden does win?
I mean she won't,
I'll beat her no problem
but if for some reason I can't,
then right now would be...
my last chance to see Bohman.
(growls)
(Bohman)
What is it, Harlin?
Hey there, Bohman,
just thought I'd stop by
to see how you're feeling.
Stronger by the minute.
As I synchronize further
and further,
I am becoming one
with this world,
becoming immortal.
Glad to hear.
But you didn't
come simply to check on me,
did you?
Tell me what
's truly
on your mind.
Playmaker's squad is here.
Yes, I know.
To stop us.
Yeah.
But I'll take care of 'em.
No, Harlin, do not engage them.
Why not?
It's too dangerous.
But...
it
's not like
you can fight them.
Now, Harlin, you and I both know
you're not skilled enough
to beat them by yourself.
What are you saying,
you don't believe in me?!
If you lose in this world,
you'll be deleted.
So I'd rather hurt
your feelings than lose you.
(Harlin)
Well, maybe
it's better that way.
After all, it's not like you and
Lightning need me anymore!
Once you synchronize
with this world,
you'll basically
be unstoppable!
It's not about need,
it's about want.
And I don't want
to lose my brother.
Enough of that Bohman.
I mean, you know we're not
really brothers.
You're wrong.
Just because we're both AI...
doesn't mean that
we aren't brothers.
That's exactly what it means,
Bohman.
Accept it.
From the very start,
everything we did,
we did just cuz
we were programmed to do it!
And you only have
a bond with me
because you were so helpless
at the beginning
and needed me to look after you!
And let me tell ya,
it got annoying!
Can I help you
with something, Bohman?
No, I just enjoy being
in your company, Harlin.
I hope you don't mind.
As a matter of fact, I do!
Oh, I'm sorry.
Would you like me to follow you
from even farther back?
How 'bout
just don't follow me at all!
But we're brothers, Harlin,
and brothers are supposed
to be together.
(sighs)
Just gimme some space!
Harlin!
And I'm thinking right now...
I need more space.
Please, Harlin!
Don't go.
This is a mistake
that will cost you everything!
You're wrong!
I may not have all the
fancy upgrades that you have.
But these old parts of mine...
still have plenty
of life in 'em.
Harlin.
(Harlin)
Brothers?
(scoffs)
Lightning created Bohman
to replace me.
But I'll show 'em
that I'm irreplaceable!
Bitboot, you're booted!
(grunts)
(groaning)
(timer beeping)
(sighs)
And that's the last of 'em,
Aqua.
But someone new is approaching.
(gasps)
It's the end of
the line for you!
Let's duel!
Who's that?
According to Playmaker's intel,
that's Bohman's brother Harlin.
Bohman has a brother?
A brother that's
taking you down!
If I defeat him,
I may be able to learn
where Bohman and Lightning
are hiding out.
Are you ready, Aqua?
Yes!
(both)
Let's duel!
I'm going first!
First off...
I summon HYDRADRIVE BOOSTER!
(computer chirping)
And I'll use it
to generate my circuit!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 COOLANT HYDRADRIVE!
(computer chirping)
He summoned a HYDRADRIVE.
Looks like h
e's using
the same deck as Bohman.
Uh, excuse me!
You mean Bohman uses
the same type of deck as me!
I'm the one who taught Bohman
how to duel!
Seriously?
Yeah, so anything that he does
I can do even better!
I use HYDRADRIVE REBUILD
to destroy my monster!
And by doing so,
its special ability activates
and summons
a HYDRADRIVE TOKEN!
(computer chirping)
Then HYDRADRIVE REBUILD's
second effect activates,
allowing me to resummon
a HYDRADRIVE
from my graveyard!
Return to the field,
COOLANT HYDRADRIVE!
(computer chirping)
Next, I activate a spell
Bohman never had,
HYDRADRIVE UTILIZATION!
For 500 life points.
(timer beeping)
I can banish HYDRADRIVE BOOSTER
from my graveyard
to draw out a second copy
from my deck.
Then I'll use my Skill...
Marker's Portal!
It lets me play
a Link Spell from my deck!
And I know you won't like it!
Say "hey" to The Link Spell
JUDGEMENT ARROWS!
No! Not that card!
I'll follow that up...
by summoning
the HYDRADRIVE BOOSTER
(computer chirping)
I just drew
and use it to generate
my circuit again!
I Link Summon
a second COOLANT
HYDRADRIVE! (computer chirping)
Then I'll use
my HYDRADRIVE TOKEN
to Link Summon for a third time!
Link 1 FLOW HYDRADRIVE!
(roaring)
(computer chirping)
And I'm still not done
Link Summoning!
The summoning conditions
are two HYDRADRIVE
Link Monsters!
I Link Summon!
Link 2
TWIN HYDRADRIVE KNIGHT!
(computer chirping)
My KNIGHT
gains the Attributes
of the two monsters
used to summon it.
Water...
and Wind!
And any other monster
on the field
that share those Attributes
has their special
abilities negated!
Lastly, I place
one card facedown.
And end my turn.
That's the same strategy
Bohman used against Playmaker.
Not exactly.
While Bohman did summon
that KNIGHT on his first turn,
Harlin has the KNIGHT
and COOLANT HYDRADRIVE in play.
He's playing better than Bohman!
Well...
isn't that perfect?
Here goes!
I draw!
I summon MARINCESS SEA HORSE!
(computer chirping)
Guess what, Harlin,
you're not the only one
who can Link Summon!
Link 1
MARINCESS BLUE SLUG!
(computer chirping)
MARINCESS?
What happened
to your TRICKSTARS?
If you think changing decks
is gonna help you,
it's not.
Cuz My KNIGHT negates
Water monsters.
Not saying that doesn't hurt,
but that's not enough
to put a stop to our game!
By activating
the special ability
of a second MARINCESS
SEA HORSE in my hand,
(computer chirping)
I can summon her
next to my BLUE SLUG's link!
And with these two,
I'll build the circuit...
that turns dreams into reality!
The summoning conditions
require two Water Attribute
monsters,
so I set MARINCESS BLUE SLUG
and SEA HORSE
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 2
MARINCESS CORAL ANEMONE!
(screaming)
(computer chirping)
Then I place one card
facedown and activate
MARINCESS SEA STAR's
special ability from my hand!
By discarding this card,
CORAL ANEMONE gains
an extra 800 attack
points! (timer beeping)
(sighs)
Her strongest monster
got even stronger!
Now go!
My CORAL ANEMONE
is attacking your
COOLANT HYDRADRIVE!
Hold up!
That attack of yours triggers
the effect of
my JUDGMENT ARROWS!
When this spell is linked
to my Link Monster,
(timer beeping)
it's attack points are doubled!
So what!
My monster's still
stronger than yours!
(blasting)
(groaning)
(timer beeping)
But when COOLANT HYDRADRIVE
is destroyed in battle...
I can summon a HYDRADRIVE TOKEN
to take its place!
Is that supposed to impress me?
Blue Maiden,
you're dueling
exceptionally well today!
Thanks, Aqua.
I bet my brother
would be impressed too
if he was watchin'.
Hmm.
Your brother, huh?
Huh?
But Akira's not
your real brother now,
is he, Blue Maiden?
(groans)
Since you two
don't share the same DNA,
that would make you both
complete strangers
now, wouldn't it?
You're wrong.
Akira and I are family.
And always will be.
How sweet.
I used to be just like you.
Is my brother going to be okay?
(Lightning)
Brother?
Bohman will be fine
when he awakens,
but every time
he reboots, his code,
his DNA so to speak,
is rewritten.
He becomes a new individual.
So this Bohman is not the same
as the last Bohman.
That's why he never
remembers your name
when he awakens.
So if he's an entirely
new individual,
would he still be your brother?
Well, uh, I guess not then?
No, because he is not.
Harlin, family isn't
about your DNA
or your code
or your programming.
Ya know Aqua's really
on point here.
What matters is what lies
in your heart, Harlin.
That's why even
though Akira and I
aren't related by blood,
we're still family.
And I'll fight in order to
protect the one's that I love...
and defeat any threat
that dares to come in my way!
Ha!
If you actually think
you're gonna win this duel
just because
you have a family...
you're wrong!
I draw!
I'll start by setting
my HYDRADRIVE TOKEN
in the Link Arrow
to Link Summon
COOLANT HYDRADRIVE!
(computer chirping)
Next up, I activate
the equip spell
HYDRADRIVE IMPACT!
By equipping it
on my COOLANT HYDRADRIVE...
it can now deal double
the damage,
but it's forced
to attack this turn...
which may sound bad cuz your
monster's stronger than mine.
But COOLANT's ability
allows it to attack
your life points directly!
If this attack hits,
I'm done for!
Got that right!
Because dueling has nothing
to do with family.
It's about who can play
the better game.
So then, bye, bye, Blue Maiden.
COOLANT HYDRADRIVE!
Go and end this duel!
Oh, no, you're not
ending anything.
I play MARINCESS WAVE!
This trap will negate your
monster's special abilities!
(sighs)
No way!
This means your
COOLANT HYDRADRIVE
isn't able to attack me
directly anymore.
But since your monster
is still required to attack,
it has to attack
my monster instead!
Fine!
Then I'll have my
COOLANT HYDRADRIVE
attack your CORAL ANEMONE!
And JUDGMENT ARROWS's effect
doubles COOLANT HYDRADRIVE's
attack points during battle!
(timer beeping)
Twice as strong is
still not strong enough
so your monster's taking
a quick trip to the graveyard.
(computer chirping)
Along with 800 of
your life points!
(blasting)
(timer beeping)
(groaning)
But like before,
when COOLANT
HYDRADRIVE's destroyed,
I can summon a HYDRADRIVE TOKEN!
(computer chirping)
Your guppy may've been stronger
than my COOLANT HYDRADRIVE,
but it's not stronger than
my TWIN HYDRADRIVE KNIGHT!
Not when JUDGMENT ARROWS
doubles its attack points!
(timer beeping)
(growls)
(groaning)
(timer beeping)
But, when my
CORAL ANEMONE's destroyed...
I'm then allowed to retrieve
one MARINCESS card
back from my graveyard.
And this trap'll come in handy!
It's MARINCESS WAVE!
But that card is useless...
(timer beeping)
if you never get to play it.
Unlike my trap
HYDRADRIVE NIGHTMARE!
By tributing my
HYDRADRIVE TOKEN...
I can resummon
COOLANT HYDRADRIVE!
(computer chirping)
COOLANT HYDRADRIVE
will automatically be destroyed
at the end of my turn.
But that's still leaves me
plenty of time
to deal you damage!
Double the damage,
thanks to JUDGMENT ARROWS!
(timer beeping)
(roaring)
(groaning)
(Harlin)
How ya like that!
(timer beeping)
(grunts)
Ya know what?
I liked it just fine actually.
You did?
Yes, because by taking damage,
Blue Maiden is able
to use her new Skill.
Not my new Skill.
Our new Skill.
Cuz we created it together!
(screaming)
Shape of Sea!
When I take battle damage,
I can summon
a Water Attribute monster
from my graveyard with
equal or fewer attack points
than the amount
of damage I took!
Resurface, MARINCESS
CORAL ANEMONE!
(computer chirping)
(groans)
I'm gonna end my turn now.
Which means COOLANT HYDRADRIVE
is destroyed.
But it also means I get
to summon a HYDRADRIVE TOKEN!
(computer chirping)
Do you see now, Harlin?
Family can change
the course of a duel.
Because without Aqua,
I wouldn't have this new Skill!
So you're calling Aqua
family now?
What a complete joke.
Family also makes us stronger
because it gives us
something to fight for!
Gives you something
to fight for?
(gasps)
Is that why
I'm fighting for Bohman?
Cuz he really is family?
All right, i
t's my turn!
I draw!
I summon MARINCESS SEA HORSE!
(computer chirping)
And with her,
I can now go and build
my circuit!
I set MARINCESS CORAL ANEMONE
and MARINCESS SEA HORSE
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 3
MARINCESS MARBLED ROCK!
(screaming)
(computer chirping)
(Blue Maiden)
I Link Summon!
Link 3
MARINCESS MARBLED ROCK!
(screaming)
(computer chirping)
And since I used
my CORAL ANEMONE
to summon her,
her special ability
lets me regain
MARINCESS SEA STAR
from my graveyard!
Next, I activate
MARINCESS WAVE
from my hand!
I'm allowed to play
this trap card from my hand
when I have a Link 3
or higher MARINCESS
on my field!
And I'll use it to negate
your TWIN HYDRADRIVE
KNIGHT's special abilities!
(grunting)
Now my MARINCESSES
can start using
their abilities again!
And my MARINCESS WAVE
has another effect!
It prevents you from using
any spells, traps
or special abilities
against my MARBLED ROCK!
That doesn't matter,
my TWIN HYDRADRIVE KNIGHT
will have 3600 attack
points during battle...
making it stronger
than your monster.
That's true.
But I can change that
by sending my SEA STAR
to the graveyard
to raise MARBLED ROCK's
attack points by 800.
(screaming)
(timer beeping)
Then I activate MARBLED
ROCK's special ability!
I get to retrieve a MARINCESS
from my graveyard.
So my SEA STAR's
back in my hand!
And by discarding
SEA STAR again,
MARBLED ROCK gains 800
more attack points!
(timer beeping)
Oh, no, 4100 attack points?
That's right!
And she's going to use them all
to take down
your TWIN HYDRADRIVE KNIGHT!
But JUDGMENT ARROWS
will lower the damage
that I take!
(timer beeping)
Go MARBLED ROCK!
Attack!
(screaming)
(groaning)
(timer beeping)
So sorry!
But I still have life points!
(Blue Maiden)
Yes you do, but not for long!
(groans)
Oh no, now what?!
I'm glad you asked.
I activate my trap card
MARINCESS CURRENT!
When a Link 3
or higher MARINCESS
destroys your monster in battle,
then I'm allowed
to activate this card
directly from my hand!
For every link
that MARBLED ROCK has,
you take 400 points of damage.
So since MARBLED ROCK
is a Link 3 monster,
that adds up to 1200 points!
But that's not all!
You also take 500 points
of damage
for every Link
that your KNIGHT had!
Put it all together
and that's a total
of 2200 points of damage.
And guess what,
that total is more than
the amount of life points
you have remaining, Harlin!
Oh, no!
(electric buzzing)
(screaming)
Hi, Bohman.
My name is--
Harlin.
(gasps)
You-- You remember?
Why are you crying?
(crying)
Crying?
I dunno.
Lightning may be smart,
but he doesn't know
what's in our hearts.
As long as the sun
rises in the east
and sets in the west,
I will always be your brother.
And you will always be mine.
Isn't that funny?
Bohman said that
family's about heart,
just like Blue Maiden.
Maybe us AI and humans
aren't so different after all.
We both fight for those we love,
even if it means
risking everything.
Bye, Bohman.
You were the best brother
anyone could ever have.
(timer beeping)
I can't sense Harlin anymore.
(growls)
Harlin!
My brother sacrificed himself...
to give me the time
I needed to heal.
And now that I have healed
completely...
I promise revenge will be mine.
(electronic whirring)